I don't know what to make of it.	fyi
I can get off of this email list if you are on it.	FYI. Also, are you all on this SPP email list? If so, I can get off it. Let me know. Thanks!
Lloyd or Tom may want to come to Colorado for one of our meetings.	This would be a good presentation for one of our quarterly meetings. Maybe Lloyd or Tom would want to come to Colorado!
Please include Don in your email so he can report on the EES gas and power risk management to Tim Belden.	Don Black is now heading the EES gas and power risk management and reporting to Tim Belden. Please include Don on your email info. Thanks.
We're able to help you if you need it, but please keep in mind that we still need to address issues with the attached utility.	Please note that with the authorization below, interconnection issues with the attached utility still need to be addressed. (This includes agreement, queue, facilities if needed, etc.) Call us if you need assistance. Thanks.
Contact her to get a copy of the filings on CD Rom.	Lynette Barnes has put the RTO filings, protests, responses, etc. on CD Rom. Contact her for a copy.
That's correct.	FYI
I haven't reviewed it yet, and I told the other person to not do anything about it.	FYI, I haven't reviewed yet. Also, I told Andrea to not do anything on this. We can decide how we want to use it.
SERC replied to NERC's Task Force letter.	This is SERC's response to NERC's Task Force letter.
Re: "floating caps".	FYI re: "floating caps"
That's correct.	FYI
The Southern and Grid South RTOs are on the agenda.	Grid South, Grid Florida, Southern RTOs are on FERC's agenda.
We will send out copies to the Hill. Cynthia will give them to the Hill as she sees appropriate.	We plan to send this out Friday. Cynthia will provide copies to the Hill as she sees appropriate. Any comments?
We made the same argument in Section B2 in GridFlorida and it's due on Monday.	Section B2 contains the same argument that we made to FERC in GridFlorida (mentions California .p. 11) Due Monday 3/12. Comments welcome.
The traders have some ideas about this, based on Charles' MRD presentation, and I will provide more info when I get it from them.	Update: Based on Charles' great MRD presentation to Power Trading, the traders have some ideas about this. I'll provide more info as soon as I get it from them.
That's correct.	FYI
It's true.	FYI
Donna Fulton is getting new iD numbers from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.	Donna Fulton is getting FERC new iD numbers for EOL.
It's true.	FYI
The volumes and California percentages should be coordinated by Diane and Jeff, so that I can go on vacation.	Diane and Jeff -- I am going to be on vacation, so please coordinate the volumes, and California percentages with Sarah Novosel 202-466-9160. Thanks. Diane H Cook 12/12/2000 03:10 PM
The power group is led by Kevin and Janet.	Below is a chart of Kevin and Janet's power group. The ENA East legal group heads are: Elizabeth Sager-- Barbara Gray--Origination/Structured deals
Please review and give comments by Tuesday, 5/15.	PLEASE review and provide comments by Tues. 5/15. Thanks.
I can get off the email list if I'm all on it.	FYI. Also, are you all on this SPP email list? If so, I can get off it. Let me know. Thanks!
What position can EPSA take on Cal and Alliance Filings?	EPSA needs feedback on Cal and Alliance filings and what position EPSA can take. Thoughts?
The 3/28 meeting of the FERC has grid Florida and the SPP/Entergy RTOs on it's agenda.	Grid Florida and SPP/Entergy RTOs are on FERC's agenda for 3/28/01 meeting.
Steve, Joe, Rick, and I are worried about the TVA's liability under the NERC agreements. Richard wants to speak with the outside counsel, Bob Madden.	Steve--Joe, Rick and I expressed concerns about suing TVA under the NERC "agreements". Richard Sanders wants to have a conference call next week with the outside counsel, Bob Madden.
Mary is trying to get $250 price caps for sellers in California.	Mary has this. Seeks $250 price caps against sellers into Cal. with market based rates.
Mike has an update on the Midwest RTO effort for Government Affairs.	Mike Roan, Janine Migden and Donna Fulton are now working on the Midwest RTO effort for Government Affairs. See Mike's update below.
Then, click on the circle that you would like to choose the tariffs from.	http://oasis.ecar.org/OASIS/NODE Then, click on the IPL or Cin circle and choose tariff.
We should push for Howard hawk's NERC group to address, or we should not push for SERC ADR in the first place.	Do we really want SERC ADR or should we push for Howard Hawk's NERC group to address instead?
I'm not sure if it should be executed by an officer or Kevin, but I'm pretty certain it needs to be initial for Bill.	Elizabeth -- I think this is one that your group would need to initial for Bill. Does it need to be executed by an officer? If so, Kevin could probably sign it. Thanks.
Kim is per your request.	Kim -- per your request.
That's correct.	FYI.
Please check the comments, there are two environmental ideas that may not be feasible.	Some comments, including a couple environmental ideas (that may not be feasible--please check). Jennifer Thome@ENRON 05/23/2001 08:13 AM
The protest was filed last week.	Attached is our protest filed last week.
Mike's update shows that he and his coworkers are working on the MidwestRT= O effort for Government Affairs.	Mike Roan, Janine Migden and Donna Fulton are now working on the Midwest RT= O effort for Government Affairs. See Mike's update below.
That's correct.	FYI
If we wanted to listen in from Houston/Portland, how much does the live web cast cost?	Linda--Can you find out how much it would cost for the live web cast if we wanted to listen in from Houston/Portland?
If Rita could assist us anywhere, we'd love to hear from her.	Rita has been in the Enron litigation unit for a number of years. She is getting her law degree and wants to continue working at Enron. If she could assist us anywhere, please contact her. Thanks.
It's interesting.	FYI
Please read the attached memo, it contains a request for information to be brought to the Colorado meeting on 6/15.	Please read the attached memo, which includes a request for some information to be brought to our 6/15 Friday 7-8:30 am Colorado meeting. Thanks.
